1.	Introduction 
1.1	Purpose
The purpose of this Project is to build a Basic Railway ticket reservation website.
1.2	Scope
This reservation system is robust and up-to date software support.
1.3	Overview
This project contains the following parts:
1)	Backend Development 
2)	Frontend Development
3)	Website Development
2.	General Description
The purpose of this source is to describe the railway reservation system which provides the train timing details, reservation billing and cancellation on various types of reservation namely:
•	Confirm Reservation for confirm Seat. 
•	 Reservation against Cancellation. 
•	 Waiting list Reservation. 
•	 Online Reservation. 
•	PNR generation 

3.	Fundamental Requirement
3.1	Description
The requirement that are used in this project are:
1)	Software Requirements: Domain, Webhosting Software
2)	Hardware Requirements: Server, Admin Computer, Internet
3.2	Technical issues
They include both bugs, Glitches, Traffic 
4. Interface requirement 
                          4.1 GUI
It must contain Graphical Images, Videos and Other media.
                         4.2 Hardware interface
It has server and an admin pc to control and manage the website.
                        4.3 Software interface
Login page, Payment options, webpage
4.	Performance requirement 
Fast response forms the server, Multiple user access at the same time, safe payment methods
5.	Design constraint 
Discounts for physically disabled people
Discounts for pregnant women
6.	Other non-functional attributes 
It offers saved login info and card info 
7.1 Security 
It has high end security for payments and login 
   7.2 Reliability 
The website is very reliable as it provides everything the user needs. 
   7.3 Availability 
It is available for everyone on the Internet
   7.4 Maintainability
The website is really easy to maintain as it is maintained with web hosting.
   7.5 Reusability
This website can be reused to make other reservations 
7.6	Operational scenarios 
It works on normal situations with proper amount of 
